README.md, before:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-22041afd0340ce965d47ae6ef1cefeee28c7c493a6346c4f15d667ab976d596c.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/jJjjf4zV)

# Chat Application with WebRTC and Microservices

A real-time chat application with video calling capabilities, built with microservices architecture and event-driven design.

## Services

### Core Services
- **Frontend** (Port 8000) - React-based user interface
- **Chat Service** (Port 8001) - Real-time messaging and WebRTC signaling
- **Participant Service** (Port 8003) - User management
- **Log Service** (Port 8004) - Centralized logging
- **STUN/TURN Service** (Port 8005, 3478) - WebRTC NAT traversal and relay

### Infrastructure
- **Caddy** (Port 80) - Reverse proxy
- **MongoDB** (Port 27017) - Database
- **Mongo Express** (Port 8081) - Database UI
- **RabbitMQ** (Port 5672, 15672) - Message queue

## New: STUN/TURN Server

The project now includes a dedicated STUN/TURN server for improved WebRTC connectivity:

- **STUN Server**: Helps clients discover their public IP (NAT traversal)
- **TURN Server**: Relays media when direct P2P connection fails
- **Event Logging**: All WebRTC events logged to RabbitMQ
- **Monitoring**: Real-time statistics and session tracking

### STUN/TURN Ports
- 3478/UDP - STUN/TURN main port
- 3478/TCP - STUN/TURN TCP
- 5349/TCP - TURN TLS
- 8005 - HTTP API for stats and config
- 8080 - Web admin interface
- 49152-49200/UDP - TURN relay ports

See [STUN/TURN Integration Guide](./stun-turn-service/INTEGRATION_GUIDE.md) for detailed usage.

## Quick Start

```bash
# Start all services
docker-compose up -d

# View logs
docker-compose logs -f

# Stop all services
docker-compose down
```

## WebRTC Configuration

The frontend automatically uses the STUN/TURN server for enhanced connectivity:

**Automatic Features:**
- Fetches ICE configuration from STUN/TURN service through Caddy proxy
- All requests go through port 80 (no need to expose service ports)
- Visual indicator shows service status in the app bar
- Automatic fallback to public STUN servers if service is unavailable
- Re-checks service availability every 30 seconds

**Access Points:**
- **Config API:** `http://localhost/api/turn/config` (proxied through Caddy)
- **Stats API:** `http://localhost/api/turn/stats`
- **Web Admin:** `http://localhost/turn-admin`

**Status Indicators:**
- 🟢 **TURN Active** - Custom STUN/TURN server is running
- 🟡 **Fallback STUN** - Using public STUN servers

The frontend dynamically adapts based on service availability, ensuring WebRTC calls work reliably in all scenarios.

## Monitoring

- **RabbitMQ UI**: http://localhost:15672 (guest/guest)
- **Mongo Express**: http://localhost:8081 (admin/admin)
- **TURN Stats**: http://localhost/api/turn/stats (through proxy)
- **TURN Admin**: http://localhost/turn-admin (through proxy)

**Direct Service Access (Development):**
- TURN API: http://localhost:8005/api/turn/*
- TURN Admin: http://localhost:8080

## Event Tracking

WebRTC events are automatically logged to RabbitMQ:
- Connection establishment
- TURN allocations
- Connection termination
- Errors and statistics

Check the `webrtc_events` and `logs` queues in RabbitMQ for event details.

## Documentation

- [STUN/TURN Service README](./stun-turn-service/README.md)
- [STUN/TURN Integration Guide](./stun-turn-service/INTEGRATION_GUIDE.md)
- [Frontend Integration](./frontend/STUN_TURN_FRONTEND_INTEGRATION.md)
- [Persistent Login Implementation](./PERSISTENT_LOGIN.md)
- [Statistics Implementation](./STATISTICS_IMPLEMENTATION.md)

Commit message:

Add comprehensive WebRTC setup docs, diagnostics, and test script
- Add WEBRTC_SETUP.md, WEBRTC_QUICKREF.md, CHANGES.md, and
WEBRTC_FIXES_SUMMARY.md - Add test-turn.sh for automated TURN server
testing - Overhaul stun-turn-service to use env vars for dynamic config
- Add diagnostics and improved logging to server.js - Enhance frontend
webrtc-helper.js with caching, fallback, and ICE logging - Update
docker-compose files for env-based TURN config - Improve README with
reference to new setup guide

README.md, after:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-22041afd0340ce965d47ae6ef1cefeee28c7c493a6346c4f15d667ab976d596c.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/jJjjf4zV)

# Chat Application with WebRTC and Microservices

A real-time chat application with video calling capabilities, built with microservices architecture and event-driven design.

## Services

### Core Services
- **Frontend** (Port 8000) - React-based user interface
- **Chat Service** (Port 8001) - Real-time messaging and WebRTC signaling
- **Participant Service** (Port 8003) - User management
- **Log Service** (Port 8004) - Centralized logging
- **STUN/TURN Service** (Port 8005, 3478) - WebRTC NAT traversal and relay

### Infrastructure
- **Caddy** (Port 80) - Reverse proxy
- **MongoDB** (Port 27017) - Database
- **Mongo Express** (Port 8081) - Database UI
- **RabbitMQ** (Port 5672, 15672) - Message queue

## New: STUN/TURN Server

The project now includes a dedicated STUN/TURN server for improved WebRTC connectivity:

- **STUN Server**: Helps clients discover their public IP (NAT traversal)
- **TURN Server**: Relays media when direct P2P connection fails
- **Event Logging**: All WebRTC events logged to RabbitMQ
- **Monitoring**: Real-time statistics and session tracking

### STUN/TURN Ports
- 3478/UDP - STUN/TURN main port
- 3478/TCP - STUN/TURN TCP
- 5349/TCP - TURN TLS
- 8005 - HTTP API for stats and config
- 8080 - Web admin interface
- 49152-49200/UDP - TURN relay ports

**📖 For detailed WebRTC setup, troubleshooting, and testing, see [WEBRTC_SETUP.md](./WEBRTC_SETUP.md)**

## Quick Start

```bash
# Start all services
docker-compose up -d

# View logs
docker-compose logs -f

# Stop all services
docker-compose down
```

## WebRTC Configuration

The frontend automatically uses the STUN/TURN server for enhanced connectivity:

**Automatic Features:**
- Fetches ICE configuration from STUN/TURN service through Caddy proxy
- All requests go through port 80 (no need to expose service ports)
- Visual indicator shows service status in the app bar
- Automatic fallback to public STUN servers if service is unavailable
- Re-checks service availability every 30 seconds

**Access Points:**
- **Config API:** `http://localhost/api/turn/config` (proxied through Caddy)
- **Stats API:** `http://localhost/api/turn/stats`
- **Web Admin:** `http://localhost/turn-admin`

**Status Indicators:**
- 🟢 **TURN Active** - Custom STUN/TURN server is running
- 🟡 **Fallback STUN** - Using public STUN servers

The frontend dynamically adapts based on service availability, ensuring WebRTC calls work reliably in all scenarios.

## Monitoring

- **RabbitMQ UI**: http://localhost:15672 (guest/guest)
- **Mongo Express**: http://localhost:8081 (admin/admin)
- **TURN Stats**: http://localhost/api/turn/stats (through proxy)
- **TURN Admin**: http://localhost/turn-admin (through proxy)

**Direct Service Access (Development):**
- TURN API: http://localhost:8005/api/turn/*
- TURN Admin: http://localhost:8080

## Event Tracking

WebRTC events are automatically logged to RabbitMQ:
- Connection establishment
- TURN allocations
- Connection termination
- Errors and statistics

Check the `webrtc_events` and `logs` queues in RabbitMQ for event details.

## Documentation

- [STUN/TURN Service README](./stun-turn-service/README.md)
- [STUN/TURN Integration Guide](./stun-turn-service/INTEGRATION_GUIDE.md)
- [Frontend Integration](./frontend/STUN_TURN_FRONTEND_INTEGRATION.md)
- [Persistent Login Implementation](./PERSISTENT_LOGIN.md)
- [Statistics Implementation](./STATISTICS_IMPLEMENTATION.md)
